>> Mike North: JavaScript has
this thing called lexical scope.
Lexical scope just means,
what is the value of this when
you invoke a function, right?
This is important if you deal with,
building something like a single-page app,
and you have components, and
those components have things
that are bound to DOM events.
You need to make sure that your events
fire in a way that allows you to
access stuff on your component,
to make things nice and convenient.
So this is actually part
of a function signature, so
if you're defining a function?
And usually, it's gonna be a function
that's outside the context of a class,
right, cuz classes already
kinda handle this for us.
But if you're gonna really depend
on being able to do something
like what we're doing here,
we need the value of this to be correct.
So you only need to put in your function
signature at the very beginning,
under a pseudo-parameter called this, and
type-checking will be done to make
sure that everything looks okay.
So I'm gonna create an object that
kind of meets this constraint, so
that we can see, explore how this works.
Has both an email and a phone number,
there we go, down here.
And I'm creating a function
called invokeSoon,
and it's deliberately passing
null along as the lexical scope.
And it's a little bit contrived, but
I'm just trying to show
you kinda how this works.
>> Mike North: So
If we try to invoke this,
we'll see that it's not enough
to just pass email along, right?
We have a string here that can be email or
phone.
No matter which one I pick,
I still get a type-checking error, and
the reason is,
this constraint is not satisfied.
We could solve this two ways,
we could bind the function,
>> Mike North: Create a bound version of
the function.
So behind the scenes, we're creating
a closure around the function,
and ensuring that it's invoked
with the correct lexical scope.
Or we could use call and apply, and
as of a very recent TypeScript release,
it escapes me which one,
you can enable strict type-checking
with bind, call, and apply.
You don't run into this a lot, but
now you understand everything,
everything you really need to know
to get started with functions.
And note that, of course, we don't,
this appears to be an additional argument,
you do not have to pass two
arguments to this function.
This function accepts one parameter,
still.